Update benchmarks for ty 0.0.50 (#3799)
astral-sh/ty: BENCHMARKS.md

> All benchmarks were computed on macOS (Apple M4 Pro 14, 48 GB) with the following tool versions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All benchmarks were computed on macOS (Apple M3 Max 16, 128 GB) with the following tool versions:
```
